good morning Chicago this morning I'm
misty summers with channel 12 good
morning and good morning I'm Harry lifer
good morning really excited to be here
at the Lincoln Park whole foods with our
friend Bitterman from new belgium
brewing good morning morning better
memory ladies and gentlemen Bitterman is
out this morning promoting new belgium
brewing fantastic new beer rampant
imperial IPA Bitterman is gonna show us
how to make beer this morning that's
right Harry I have all the four raw
ingredients that go into making a great
IPA here I have hops sure you can smell
these mmm wonderful yes absolutely so
citrusy in florals and this one is yeast
this one is malt this one's the most
important is water so I'm gonna take all
my ingredients and pour them into the
blender here alcohol haha well the yeast
eats the sugar and that is how it
becomes alcohol oh okay it creates the
alcohol I like Oh ladies and gentlemen
what Bitterman is doing here he's adding
a little yummy to the little bit of
delicious there and he's gonna create
this fantastic new beer mmm that's right
here we go okay
okay so now I take my mixture isn't that
beautiful I just pour it into my glass
here it's thick it's very thick yes k
you sleep and now the most important
part all beer is carbonated so I have
these carbonation tablets and I'm gonna
put them in my mouth and chew them up
and it will turn into beer in my mouth
here we go oh okay mmm kind of green 200
jealous wish I could have some of that
right now oh ok ok I'm not mirror oh
I've then no you ok yeah I did something
wrong ok thank you Bitterman and stick
with us this morning next up is Bobo the
panda bear skiing on Lake Michigan good
morning
you